Elaborate on KES period (#2660)
input-output-hk/cardano-ledger: eras/shelley/formal-spec/protocol-parameters.tex

The constants $\SlotsPerEpoch$ and $\SlotsPerKESPeriod$
represent the number of slots in an epoch/KES period (for a brief explanation

> of a KES cryptography, see Section \ref{sec:crypto-primitives-shelley}). The KES period is
> dimensionless value that is used to keep track of how many evolutions a KES key is allowed
> to have in a given KES period interval. The duration of this interval is determined by
> $\SlotsPerKESPeriod$ and $\MaxKESEvo$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of KES cryptography, see Section \ref{sec:crypto-primitives-shelley}). The KES period is a duration measured in slots which determines how often the KES private key must be evolved. The KES private key must be evolved once at the start of each new KES period.  The duration of the KES period is determined by $\SlotsPerKESPeriod$.  Any given KES key can be evolved up to $\MaxKESEvo$-many times before a new operational certificate must be issued.
```
